hey guys this is ex andrew 2007 ex-gi
showing you the first out of and under
transit for black ops 2 zombies this
glitch was found by glitching fish a
link will be in the description to a
channel so please check them out for
this glitch you will need a turbine and
you will need a riot shield and you'll
need to go either at this corner where I
am right now or in the opposite corner
and what you'll need to do is put down
the turbine and then get your ID shield
out so that it kind of pushes you
backwards now this glitch is very
difficult but however you can get lucky
so once you're down here it is a barrier
glitch and zombies cannot get you if you
do get managed to get down here there is
def barriers under the zombie spawn and
if you go too far out so I wouldn't
recommend doing that as this glitch is
very difficult and you do not want to
die so um yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video in this commentary be very
much appreciated this video got to 100
likes all right CL
who's in charge of giving me bullets oh
me nevermind show you boys how unarmed
combat is supposed to go down no bullets
and ain't shit the week huh get no socks